Max
Yesterday Samir and I worked on the hamburger menu for mobile devices. We had a major snafu that we tried to solve on our own.
After a lot of troubleshooting we asked our friend Chat GPT, and he spotted the issue. 
Our menu was in the header in HTML, but the coresponding CSS was in Main, meaning it wasn't applied to the HTML code.
After some time we solved it. We then tried to reuse some of our menu code from our previous project.
Of course this wasn't frictionless, since this had major repercursions. We realized that our task is much bigger than 
anticipated, and we will continue tomorrow, perhaps with additional help from the others.
Aside from our problems, it was fun to work together, and felt much safer to have a safety net.
Knowing that if I am looking for fish in the wrong pond I've got someone to turn me around.

Kwabena
Yesterday I worked on the desktop view for the div class".test-below". I applied background color to it and . Additionally, I updated the colors for buttons and logo
Today, I continued to worked on the task from yesterday and made sure it was responsible on all devices.
Nothing is actually blocing me at the moment, just rounding up  the sprint 1

Samir:
Yesterday I worked on improving the footer by adding social media links and by updating the styling so that it matches the rest of the color scheme we decided to go with. I also got toghether with Max and worked on the menu nav bar which we spent quite some time on.
Today I'll continue working on the menu bar to try to complete what we started yesterday.
We're slighlty concerned with the time we've set aside to complete our menu. Hopefully, it's not what we draw on our wireframe and we'll make sure it's at least as good as we initially intended when agreeing on the wire frame.
